***Mon 11 Feb 2019***

## veggie libel panel discussions

1. shifting burden of proof is bad. "guilty until proven innocent" should apply.
2. still bad. too difficult a burden on the defendant, farmers don't have studies/resources.
3. bad. money can only go to the megacorps, not the poor farmers.
   * farmers are broke -- will likely be financially ruined even if they win.
   * if you get sued and win, you were essentially wronged and damaged, so you should be made whole again.
4. mixed opinions. you should be liable for disparagement, but treble damages might be a bit excessive.
   * treble damages typically reserved for egregious actions.
   * if the agricultural companies are going to say that the panic hurt them, then they should have to prove that widespread panic actually occurred.
5. imprisonment is overkill. a fine is fine, but going to jail is unfair.
   * the punishment should match the crime. the victim was only harmed monetarily, so the guilty party should only suffer monetary punishment.
   * imprisonment is for people who are dangerous -- someone who simply said defamatory statements is not a risk to society.
6. somewhat reasonable to require evidence. seems unfair to only allow expensive types of evidence.
   * if you observe a problem and there is decent evidence there, even if it's not a scientific study, that should be enough.

---

***Wed 13 Feb 2019***

## Bezos discussion panel

* will Bezos be successful in a court of law?
  * coercion: probably
    * if he can prove they made that threat, easy win for coercion
  * invasion of privacy: probably not
    * definite newsworthiness if the richest man in the world is having an affair
    * as long as the photos were obtained through non-intrusive means
    * published on Facebook or w/e? --> consent defense

---

***Fri 15 Feb 2019***

